# Gradle Plugins 1.0.0

This is the first tagged release for our Gradle plugins, and it represents the first major milestone for this repository.

## KordEx Plugin

This release introduces the new KordEx plugin, designed to make it easier to set up and configure a project using it. This will be the canonical way to set up a KordEx project from now on.

The plugin supports the following options, exposed via the `kordEx` builder:

- `addRepositiories = true` - Whether to add the repos you'll need to grab KordEx and its dependencies at build time.
- `ignoreIncompatibleKotlinVersion = false` - Whether to warn about incompatible Kotlin versions instead of error.
- `kordVersion = null` - A specific Kord version to pin, instead of the one KordEx was built against.
- `kordExVersion = null` - A specific KordEx version to pin, instead of the latest version.
- `voice = true` - Whether to use a version of Kord that supports voice, which will result in a larger dependency.

It also exposes the following functions:

- `dataCollection(level)` - Set your bot's data collection settings. **Note:** We haven't implemented data collection yet.
- `module(name)` - Add a dependency on a KordEx module by name.

**Note:** We only support using this plugin with Kotlin Gradle build scripts.

You may add this to your project as follows, once the Gradle Plugin Portal approves it:
```kt
plugins {
	id("dev.kordex.gradle.kordex") version "1.0.0"
}
```

When switching to this plugin, **you should remove all dependencies you may have on Kord and KordEx!**
