# Gradle Plugins 1.3.1

This version makes some changes to the KordEx plugin.

## KordEx Plugin

This release improves support for running bots in development, and provides a more sensible way to resolve the latest Kord version (when `"latest"` is specified).

- Add a new `dev` task, which runs your bot in development mode and can recursively parse `.env` files in your project:
  - First, the `.env` file in your project's root directory is parsed.
  - Then, if your bot is in a submodule, the KordEx plugin will traverse the directory tree down to it, parsing any `.env` files it finds on the way, overriding previously set variables if it finds any duplicates.
  - Example: `/root/.env` -> `/root/folder/.env` -> `/root/folder/current-submodule/.env`
  - The plugin adds these variables to your in-development bot's runtime environment variables.
  - You can disable this by setting `processDotEnv` in your `bot { }` builder to `false`.
- When you supply `"latest"` for the `kordVersion` property, the plugin will now ignore Kord feature branch snapshots, which should make things more consistent and predictable. You can still supply feature branch snapshots manually if you need to use them.
- The plugin now uses reflection to figure out which version of the Kotlin plugin you've applied, rather than inspecting the buildscript's classpath. This fixes a problem where the classpath is empty in some project configurations.
- When writing KordEx plugins using the `plugin { }` builder, the plugin now disables all `Tar` tasks, as building a`.tar` distribution is nonsensical given Kord Extensions can't load them.
